![](media/image1.png){width="1.3645833333333333in"
height="0.7708333333333334in"}

**Orrick\'s Technology Companies Group**

**Start-Up Forms Library**

The attached document is part of the Start-Up Forms Library provided by
Orrick\'s Technology Companies Group. By using/viewing the attached
document, you agree to the Terms of Use Agreement for the Start-Up Forms
Library, which can be viewed at:

[[https://www.orrick.com/Total-Access/Tool-Kit/Start-Up-Forms/Terms-and-Conditions]{.underline}](https://www.orrick.com/Total-Access/Tool-Kit/Start-Up-Forms/Terms-and-Conditions)

**Rev 07/22**

**\[NOTE THAT FOOTNOTES AND BRACKETS SHOULD BE REMOVED WHEN CUSTOMIZING
FOR USE WITH A PARTICULAR EMPLOYEE\]**

\[Company Name\]

\[OR LETTERHEAD\]

\[Insert Date\]\
\[Insert Name\]\
\[Insert Address\]\
\[City, State Zip\]

Dear \[Name\]:

\[Company Name\], a Delaware corporation (the "[Company]{.underline}"),
is pleased to offer you employment with the Company on the terms
described below.

1.  **[Position]{.underline}**. You will start in a \[full-time /
    part-time\] position as \[Insert Title\] and you will initially
    report to the Company's \[Insert Title\].

2.  **[Base Compensation]{.underline}**. You will be paid a starting
    salary at the rate of \$\[DOLLAR AMOUNT\] per year, which will be
    paid in accordance with the Company's standard payroll policies and
    subject to applicable withholdings and other required
    deductions.[^1]

/OR/

The Company will pay you a starting hourly rate of \$\[DOLLAR AMOUNT\],
payable in accordance with the Company's standard payroll policies and
subject to applicable withholdings and other required deductions.
Additionally, if and when you work overtime, you will be eligible to
receive overtime pay in accordance with applicable laws.[^2]

3.  \[**[Equity Award]{.underline}**. Subject to the approval of the
    Company's Board of Directors (the "[Board]{.underline}"), you will
    be granted an option or restricted stock award to purchase
    \[\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\] shares of the Company's Common Stock (the
    "[Equity Award]{.underline}"). The Equity Award will vest \[and
    become exercisable (as applicable)\] over 4 years at the rate of
    \[25% of the total number of Equity Award shares on the 1 year
    anniversary of your start date of employment with the Company and
    1/48^th^ of the total number of Equity Award shares on each monthly
    anniversary thereafter\], subject to your continuous service with
    the Company through each vesting date. The exercise price or
    purchase price per share of the Equity Award will be equal to the
    fair market value per share of the Company's Common Stock on the
    date the Equity Award is granted, as determined by the Board in good
    faith. There is no guarantee that the Internal Revenue Service will
    agree with this value. You should consult with your own tax advisor
    concerning the tax consequences associated with accepting the Equity
    Award. The Equity Award will be subject to the terms and conditions
    set forth in the Company's \[Plan Name\] and the Company's standard
    form of stock option agreement or restricted stock purchase
    agreement, as applicable, which you will be required to sign.\]

4.  **[Employee Benefits]{.underline}**. As a regular employee of the
    Company, you will be eligible to participate in the employee benefit
    plans and programs, if any, currently and hereafter maintained by
    the Company and generally available to similarly situated employees
    of the Company, subject in each case to the terms and conditions of
    the plan in question, including any eligibility requirements set
    forth therein, and the determination of any person or committee
    administering the plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company
    reserves the right to modify job titles and salaries and to modify
    or terminate benefits from time to time as it deems necessary or
    appropriate in its sole discretion.

5.  **[At-Will Employment Relationship]{.underline}**. Employment with
    the Company is for no specific period of time. Your employment with
    the Company will be "at will," meaning that either you or the
    Company may terminate your employment at any time and for any
    reason, with or without cause or notice. Any contrary
    representations which may have been made to you are superseded by
    this offer. This is the full and complete agreement between you and
    the Company on this term. Although your job duties, title,
    compensation and benefits, as well as the Company's personnel
    policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the "at will"
    nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written
    agreement signed by you and the Company's Chief Executive
    Officer.[^3]

6.  **[Confidential Information and Invention Assignment
    Agreement]{.underline}**. Like all employees of the Company, you
    will be required, as a condition of your employment with the
    Company, to sign the Company's standard Confidential Information and
    Invention Assignment Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto
    as [Attachment A]{.underline} (the "[CIIAA]{.underline}").

7.  **[Company Policies]{.underline}**. As a condition of your
    employment, you must become familiar with all policies of the
    Company that are applicable to you, as such policies are changed
    from time to time, and must comply with all such policies, and in
    each case you agree that you will do so.

8.  **[No Conflicts]{.underline}**. You represent and warrant to the
    Company that you are under no obligations or commitments, whether
    contractual or otherwise, that would prohibit or otherwise restrict
    you from performing your duties for the Company. Without limiting
    any terms of the CIIAA, you may not use or disclose in connection
    with your performance of your duties for the Company any trade
    secrets or other proprietary information or intellectual property in
    which you or any other person (including but not limited to any
    former employer or company for whom you consulted) has an interest
    and you confirm that your employment with the Company will not
    infringe or otherwise violate any other person's rights. Further,
    you must abide by any contractual obligations to which you are
    subject that require you to refrain from soliciting any person
    employed by or otherwise associated with any former or current
    employer or company for whom you consulted. You represent and
    warrant to the Company that you have returned all property and
    confidential information belonging to any prior employer.

9.  **[Outside Activities]{.underline}**. While employed by the Company,
    you must devote your full business efforts and time to the Company.
    Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,[^4] to the fullest
    extent permitted under applicable laws, while you render services to
    the Company, you may not engage in any other employment, consulting
    or other business activity (whether on a full- or part-time basis)
    that would create a conflict of interest with the Company or that
    would, directly or indirectly, constitute your engagement in or
    participation in any business that is competitive in any manner with
    the Company's business.

10. **[Arbitration Agreement]{.underline}**. You and the Company agree
    that to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all claims
    relating to, arising from or regarding your employment, including
    claims by the Company, claims against the Company and claims against
    any current or former officer, director, agent, or employee of the
    Company, shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration before a
    single arbitrator. This includes, but is not limited to, claims of
    discrimination, harassment, retaliation, breach of contract and
    wrongful termination, wage and hour claims, tort claims, and claims
    based upon any federal, state or local ordinance, statute,
    regulation or constitutional provision.

You and the Company agree to bring any claim in arbitration before JAMS,
pursuant to the JAMS Employment Rules & Procedures (*see*
http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-employment-arbitration/). You can initiate
an arbitration via the JAMS website or by calling JAMS. The Company will
bear all JAMS arbitration fees and administrative costs in excess of the
amount of administrative fees and costs that you otherwise would have
been required to pay if the claims were litigated in court. Claims will
be governed by their applicable statute of limitations. The arbitrator
shall determine arbitrability (except as to the Class Waiver) and shall
apply the applicable substantive law in deciding the claims at issue.

You and the Company agree that claims shall be resolved on an individual
basis only, and not on a class, collective, or representative basis on
behalf of other employees to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law ("[Class Waiver]{.underline}"). Any claim that all or part of the
Class Waiver is invalid, unenforceable, unconscionable, or void may be
determined only by a court. In no case may class, collective or
representative claims proceed in arbitration on behalf of others.

**You and the Company waive any rights to a jury trial or a bench trial
in connection with the resolution of any claim under this arbitration
agreement** (although either party may seek interim emergency relief
from a court to prevent irreparable harm to their confidential
information or trade secrets pending the conclusion of any arbitration).
This arbitration agreement does not apply to claims for workers'
compensation benefits, unemployment insurance benefits, or state or
federal disability insurance, or to any other dispute or claim that has
been expressly excluded from arbitration by a governing federal statute.
Moreover, nothing in this arbitration agreement prohibits you from
communicating with, filing an administrative claim or charge with, or
providing testimony to any governmental entity about any actual or
potential violation of law. This arbitration agreement is enforceable
under and governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. In the event that any
portion of this arbitration agreement is deemed illegal or
unenforceable, such provision shall be severed and the remainder of the
arbitration agreement shall be given full force and effect.

\[OPTIONAL - Arbitration is not a mandatory condition of your employment
and you may choose to opt out of arbitration. To do so, you must send an
email to \[\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\] stating your intent to opt out within 30
days of signing your offer letter.\]

11. **[Miscellaneous]{.underline}**.

12. **[Governing Law]{.underline}**. Except for the arbitration
    agreement, the validity, interpretation, construction and
    performance of this letter, and all acts and transactions pursuant
    hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be
    governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of
    state of \[STATE\], without giving effect to principles of conflicts
    of law.

13. **[Notice]{.underline}**. Notices and all other communications
    contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
    deemed to have been duly given when: (i) personally delivered or
    (ii) when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail or recognized
    overnight courier, return receipt requested and postage prepaid. The
    Company may also provide you notice via email at the email address
    that you most recently communicated to the Company in writing, which
    such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given when sent. In
    your case, mailed notices shall be addressed to you at the home
    address that you most recently communicated to the Company in
    writing. In the case of the Company, mailed notices shall be
    addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices shall be
    directed to the attention of its Secretary, with an email copy to
    \[EMAIL\].

14. **[Entire Agreement]{.underline}**. This letter, together with the
    CIIAA, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the
    parties relating to the subject matter herein and supersedes all
    prior or contemporaneous discussions, understandings and agreements,
    whether oral or written, between them relating to the subject matter
    hereof.

15. **[Modifications and Waivers]{.underline}**. No provision of this
    letter shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the
    modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed
    by you and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than you).
    No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with,
    any condition or provision of this letter by the other party shall
    be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the
    same condition or provision at another time.

16. **[Severability]{.underline}**. If any provision of this letter
    becomes or is deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any
    applicable jurisdiction by reason of the scope, extent or duration
    of its coverage, then such provision shall be deemed amended to the
    minimum extent necessary to conform to applicable law so as to be
    valid and enforceable or, if such provision cannot be so amended
    without materially altering the intention of the parties, then such
    provision shall be stricken and the remainder of this letter shall
    continue in full force and effect. If any provision of this
    Agreement is rendered illegal by any present or future statute, law,
    ordinance or regulation then that provision shall be curtailed or
    limited only to the minimum extent necessary to bring the provision
    into compliance with applicable laws. All the other terms and
    provisions of this letter shall continue in full force and effect
    without impairment or limitation.

17. **[No Assignment]{.underline}**. This letter and all of your rights
    and obligations hereunder are personal to you and may not be
    transferred or assigned by you at any time. The Company may assign
    its rights under this letter freely without restriction, including
    to any entity that assumes the Company's obligations hereunder in
    connection with any sale or transfer of all or a substantial portion
    of the Company's assets to such entity.

18. **[Counterparts]{.underline}**. This letter may be executed in any
    number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered
    shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall
    constitute one and the same agreement. Execution via an electronic
    signature platform, facsimile copy or scanned image will have the
    same force and effect as execution of an original, and an electronic
    signature, facsimile or scanned image signature will be deemed an
    original and valid signature.

19. **[Electronic Delivery]{.underline}**. The Company may, in its sole
    discretion, decide to deliver any documents or notices related to
    this letter, securities of the Company or any of its affiliates or
    any other matter, including documents and/or notices required to be
    delivered to you by applicable securities law or any other law or
    the Company's Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws by email or any
    other electronic means. You hereby consent to (i) conduct business
    electronically (ii) receive such documents and notices by such
    electronic delivery and (iii) sign documents electronically and
    agree to participate through an on-line or electronic system
    established and maintained by the Company or a third party
    designated by the Company.

\[Signature Page Follows\]

If you wish to accept this offer, please sign and date this letter and
the enclosed CIIAA and return them to me. As required by law, your
employment with the Company is also contingent upon your providing legal
proof of your identity and authorization to work in the United States.
In addition, the Company reserves the right to conduct background
investigations and/or reference checks on all of its potential
employees. Your job offer, therefore, may be contingent upon a clearance
of such a background investigation and/or reference check, if any. This
offer, if not accepted, will expire at the close of business on \[Insert
Date\].

We look forward to your favorable reply and to working with you at
\[Company Name\]!

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      Very truly yours,
  ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------
                                      \[Company Name\]

                                      

                                      \[Name\], \[Title\]

                                      

  ACCEPTED AND AGREED:                

  \[INSERT NAME\]                     

                                      

  (Signature)                         

                                      

  Date                                
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Anticipated Start Date: \[Insert Date\]

Enclosure:

[Attachment A]{.underline}: Confidential Information and Invention
Assignment Agreement

ATTACHMENT A\
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND\
INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

(See Attached)

[^1]: **NTD**: Use for exempt employees.

[^2]: **NTD**: Use for non-exempt employees.

[^3]: **NTD**: If a term contract is contemplated, stop here and use a
    different form with all relevant terms (e.g., term, termination,
    etc.).

[^4]: **NTD**: Remove for part-time employees. Only applies to full-time
    employees. If making this change, capitalize the first "t" at the
    beginning of "to the fullest extent . . .".
